Now it is time for a task.
We are going to build a user page.
So when we click to these links, we are displaying the user page, but we are going to display the
user data and we will get that user data from back end.
And for loading the data, we need to go to localhost, 80, 80 and we are going to specify the ID here,
API one zero users and user ID like this.
This is returning user one and user two.
And if there is no user, it is returning an error message.
This is having the status quo code of 404 and it is also returning this message.
So here you will be displaying the user when you receive the user's data and also you will be displaying
a spinner when that user data is loaded.
And if there is no user like this, you will be displaying the error.
So the implementation is almost identical with the activation page.
So you can take that as a reference.
And for the this component I name, it is a profile card.
This is again like something similar to the user list item here.
And there is this image default profile, image and username.
So the only difference is the style we have here.
So it is time for you to do this.
Then we will implement the user page for our course project.